# Wings Bridge

This is Wings bridge, based on [custom crowdsale contract and integration](https://github.com/wingsdao/wings-integration) that allowing only to provide collected amount and automatically move rewards on bridge smart contract. 

It makes integration much simple and easy to do. 

## Requirements

- Nodejs v8
- Truffle
- Testrpc

## Flow

This Wings bridge contract works like communication contract, allows to message to Wings amount that ICO collecting during crowdsale. 

What you need to do step by step:

- Install this package as dependency for your smart contracts.
- Inherit your main Crowdsale contract from [Connector](https://github.com/WingsDao/wings-bridge/blob/master/contracts/Connector.sol) contract.
- Call method `notifySale` when sale/exchange of your tokens happen.
- Call method `closeBridge` and impelement movement of rewards to bridge contract.
- Deploy your token/crowdsale etc contracts, deploy bridge contract, call method `changeBridge` on your crowdsale contract and pass there address of deployed bridge contract.
- Create project on Wings, as 3rd party crowdsale contract provide address of **bridge** contract.
- Call `transferManager` method on bridge contract and pass there DAO contract address generated by Wings. 

For more details read next part of this tutorial.

## Integration 

On example of standard crowdsale contract we will do bridge integration. **Important**: this is just tutorial and shows one of the many ways to integrate bridge contract, everything based on your own crowdsale contract. Don't use this example on mainnet. 

Let's take a standard token and crowdsale contract. Token contract is mintable, so we will use token to issue new tokens, manage issue will be done by crowdsale contract (that will be owner of token contract).
  
## Developing

We recommend to make pull requests to current repository. Each pull request should be covered with tests. 

Fetch current repository, install dependencies:

    npm install

We strongly recommend to develop using [testrpc](https://github.com/trufflesuite/ganache-cli) to save time and cost. 

## Tests

To run tests fetch current repository, install dependencies and run:

    truffle test

## Authors

Wings Stiftung

## License

See in [license file](https://github.com/WingsDao/wings-bridge/blob/master/LICENSE).
